[Music]
the water man
is real legend has it that he's still
living up by the lake
searching the waters and the woods for
his wife
so he could bring her back from the dead
this town is weird it's just different
here than what we're used to
yeah real different i know this move's
been hard for you that's been hard for
your dad too
he's just stressed about me
i always thought the water man was just
something grown-ups told kids to keep
him from sneaking off into the woods
no one knows where to find him no one
except me
the note i saw in this book says that
he's immortal
i need to know more about it got any
money
yes but i'm still going to need money to
buy supplies supplies for what
i'm going to find the water man come
into my office
i just want to know if the water man is
real but that forest is alive
being in those woods all alone no chance
to escape
i know how to make you better do you
know what he meant by that
there's some weird stuff going on it's
the
without getting close run
hope is a powerful force
[Music]
it made you see gunner what you
wanted i'm gonna find it
it made you see
one two three four
close your windows lock your door
cause you never know for sure
god